best example I got to this I was invited
to give a speech in Princeton New Jersey
and then the next day I was speaking in
midtown Manhattan we saw earlier where I
grew up I'm from Southern Indiana a very
small town grew up on a farm and I'm
thinking I'm always challenging myself
to do stuff but I've never had the
opportunity to do before you know just
different wild stuff and I'm thinking
you know everyday there are thousands of
people that get up and fight rush hour
traffic in the midtown Manhattan they
commute into midtown Manhattan they
fight that traffic that aggressive
drivers I've got an experience that once
so I fly in to Newark I rent a car from
Hertz I go to press in New Jersey and
get my speech next morning I get up and
I'm driving this car in the midtown
Manhattan what an experience you talk
about aggressive driving and
bumper-to-bumper and just incredible
this restaurant never had anything like
that in my life and I finally find the
building in midtown Manhattan where I'm
giving the speech and I park in the
parking garage and I go out to give a
speech great audience just like you guys
just fabulous incredible experience for
me so my adrenaline is pumping off the
charts I go and I get the rental car I
pay the you know $300 you get out of the
parking garage and now I'm driving to
LaGuardia to fly back home and the
skyline of Manhattan is so incredible in
it and it was a perfect spring day gosh
is just one of the most beautiful sights
on the planet Sun I'm looking at the
skyline and it's a beautiful day and my
Adrenaline's pumping off the charts
because the audience was so great the
speech went so great and it's one of
those things you think is always gonna
happen somebody else they call it crash
and - two guys who work together one guy
pulls up beside you the other guys in
front of you the guy in front of you as
traffic is moving normally stands on his
brakes there's nowhere to evade and
these two guys split the money they make
from a settlement because of rear-end
collision I'm driving along I'm looking
at how beautiful the city is men I'm
journaling off the charts
not even noticing the guy in the flatbed
truck in front of me just stands on his
brakes bang fortunately my car wasn't
damaged but the one from Hertz was
totaled
my car was home you know and the airbag
went off it sound like somebody shot a
shotgun in the car and you know I think
when something like that happens so
unexpected all of us just kind of go on
automatic pilot you know I'm talking
about we we behave very robotic ly we
just get through it I pry open the door
the car I run up make sure the guy hit
was okay police later told me his 11th
rear-end collision of the month I go
back I find my cell phone under the
deflated airbag i dial nine-one-one
then I realize there's one more call I
got to make because we've all ran in
cars and you've all seen that thing on
the ticket jacket if you've been an
accident call the police then call Hertz
see for the first time in my life I got
a call Hertz until I've crashed their
car but I'm still an automatic pilot I
am a robot I'm operating by instinct I
dialed the number she answers on the
first ring hurts how may I help you
very robotically I said yes have been
involved in accident at this mile marker
I need a wrecker need to get a ride to
the airport here is my rental record
number I read it to her and she says mr.
McCain I said yes so I've got it right
here but first of all sir are you okay
but I'm still on instinct yes ma'am I'm
fine but I need a wrecker at this
location I need to get a right at the
airport and he did she interrupts
against this excuse me sir I hope you
don't mind me saying but you don't sound
okay are you sure that you're all right
and for the first time since the
accident I took a deep breath and can't
I got my legs underneath me and I said
well I'm sorry ma'am yes I'm very shook
up but I'm not injured I'm okay
she said great because hurts can always
get another car we can never get another
mr. McCain
I didn't maybe he means stop that that
moment I became a Hertz customer for
life forever you kidding me
Avis is a dollar cheaper I don't care
Hertz has told me I'm more important
than their stinking cars right I'm not
going anywhere else
now think about him break down what just
happened level one processing
she took the information she processed
the claim she did what I had a right to
expect her to do because I spent my
money with Hertz level to service
she answered on the first string she
asked if I was okay right she made the
processing not filled process she did a
great job at that but I'm gonna tell you
at a level three and this is where that
business growth you've been talking
about its generate when she made it
personal and she made it emotional and
notice it didn't take her long to do it
and it even happened over the telephone
think about the opportunities you have
when someone steps out of a dressing
room that's when I became a customer for
life thank you but it changed me with
this